# Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License

**Creative Commons Corporation is not a law firm and does not provide legal
services. Distribution of this license does not create an attorney-client
relationship. Creative Commons provides this information on an "as-is" basis.
Creative Commons makes no warranties regarding the information provided, and
disclaims liability for damages resulting from its use.**

## License

The work (as defined below) is provided under the terms of this Creative
Commons Public License ("CCPL" or "License"). The work is protected by
copyright and/or other applicable law. Any use of the work other than as
authorized under this license or copyright law is prohibited.

By exercising any rights to the work provided here, you accept and agree to be
bound by the terms of this License. To the extent this License may be
considered to be a contract, the Licensor grants you the rights contained here
in consideration of your acceptance of such terms and conditions.

### 1. Definitions

**Adaptation** means a work based upon the Work, or upon the Work and other
pre-existing works, such as a translation, adaptation, derivative work,
arrangement of music or other alterations of a literary or artistic work, or
phonogram or performance and includes cinematographic adaptations or any other
form in which the Work may be recast, transformed, or adapted including in any
form recognizably derived from the original, except that a work that
constitutes a Collection will not be considered an Adaptation for the purpose
of this License. For the avoidance of doubt, where the Work is a musical work,
performance or phonogram, the synchronization of the Work in timed-relation
with a moving image ("synching") will be considered an Adaptation for the
purpose of this License.

**Collection** means a collection of literary or artistic works, such as
encyclopedias and anthologies, or performances, phonograms or broadcasts, or
other works or subject matter other than works listed in Section 1(h) below,
which, by reason of the selection and arrangement of their contents,
constitute intellectual creations, in which the Work is included in its
entirety in unmodified form along with one or more other contributions, each
constituting separate and independent works in themselves, which together are
assembled into a collective whole. A work that constitutes a Collection will
not be considered an Adaptation (as defined above) for the purposes of this
License.

**Distribute** means to make available to the public the original and copies
of the Work or Adaptation, as appropriate, through sale or other transfer of
ownership.

**License Elements** means the following high-level license attributes as
selected by Licensor and indicated in the title of this License: Attribution,
ShareAlike.

**Licensor** means the individual, individuals, entity or entities that
offer(s) the Work under the terms of this License.

**Original Author** means, in the case of a literary or artistic work, the
individual, individuals, entity or entities who created the Work or if no
individual or entity can be identified, the publisher; and in addition (i) in
the case of a performance the actors, singers, musicians, dancers, and other
persons who act, sing, deliver, declaim, play in, interpret or otherwise
perform literary or artistic works or expressions of folklore; (ii) in the
case of a phonogram the producer being the person or legal entity who first
fixes the sounds of a performance or other sounds; and, (iii) in the case of
broadcasts, the organization that transmits the broadcast.

**Work** means the literary and/or artistic work offered under the terms of
this License including without limitation any production in the literary,
scientific and artistic domain, whatever may be the mode or form of its
expression including digital form, such as a book, pamphlet and other writing;
a lecture, address, sermon or other work of the same nature; a dramatic or
dramatico-musical work; a choreographic work or entertainment in dumb show; a
musical composition with or without words; a cinematographic work to which are
assimilated works expressed by a process analogous to cinematography; a work
of drawing, painting, architecture, sculpture, engraving or lithography; a
photographic work to which are assimilated works expressed by a process
analogous to photography; a work of applied art; an illustration, map, plan,
sketch or three-dimensional work relative to geography, topography,
architecture or science; a performance; a broadcast; a phonogram; a
compilation of data to the extent it is protected as a copyrightable work; or
a work performed by a variety or circus performer to the extent it is not
otherwise considered a literary or artistic work.

**You** means an individual or entity exercising rights under this License who
has not previously violated the terms of this License with respect to the
Work, or who has received express permission from the Licensor to exercise
rights under this License despite a previous violation.

**Publicly Perform** means to perform public recitations of the Work and to
communicate to the public those public recitations, by any means or process,
including by wire or wireless means or public digital performances; to make
available to the public Works in such a way that members of the public may
access these Works from a place and at a place individually chosen by them; to
perform the Work to the public by any means or process and the communication
to the public of the performances of the Work, including by public digital
performance; to broadcast and rebroadcast the Work by any means including
signs, sounds or images.

**Reproduce** means to make copies of the Work by any means including without
limitation by sound or visual recordings and the right of fixation and
reproducing fixations of the Work, including storage of a protected
performance or phonogram in digital form or other electronic medium.

### 2. Fair Dealing Rights

Nothing in this License is intended to reduce, limit, or restrict any uses
free from copyright or rights arising from limitations or exceptions that are
provided for in connection with the copyright protection under copyright law
or other applicable laws.

### 3. License Grant

Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, Licensor hereby grants
You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual (for the duration of
the applicable copyright) license to exercise the rights in the Work as stated
below:

- to Reproduce the Work, to incorporate the Work into one or more Collections,
and to Reproduce the Work as incorporated in the Collections;

- to create and Reproduce Adaptations provided that any such Adaptation,
including any translation in any medium, takes reasonable steps to clearly
label, demarcate or otherwise identify that changes were made to the original
Work. For example, a translation could be marked "The original work was
translated from English to Spanish," or a modification could indicate "The
original work has been modified.";

- to Distribute and Publicly Perform the Work including as incorporated in
Collections; and,

- to Distribute and Publicly Perform Adaptations.

For the avoidance of doubt:

- **Non-waivable Compulsory License Schemes**. In those jurisdictions in which
the right to collect royalties through any statutory or compulsory licensing
scheme cannot be waived, the Licensor reserves the exclusive right to collect
such royalties for any exercise by You of the rights granted under this
License;

- **Waivable Compulsory License Schemes**. In those jurisdictions in which the
right to collect royalties through any statutory or compulsory licensing
scheme can be waived, the Licensor waives the exclusive right to collect such
royalties for any exercise by You of the rights granted under this License;
and,

- **Voluntary License Schemes**. The Licensor waives the right to collect
royalties, whether individually or, in the event that the Licensor is a member
of a collecting society that administers voluntary licensing schemes, via that
society, from any exercise by You of the rights granted under this License.

The above rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether now known
or hereafter devised. The above rights include the right to make such
modifications as are technically necessary to exercise the rights in other
media and formats. Subject to Section 8(f), all rights not expressly granted
by Licensor are hereby reserved.

### 4. Restrictions

The license granted in Section 3 above is expressly made subject to and
limited by the following restrictions:

- You may Distribute or Publicly Perform the Work only under the terms of this
License. You must include a copy of, or the Uniform Resource Identifier (URI)
for, this License with every copy of the Work You Distribute or Publicly
Perform. You may not offer or impose any terms on the Work that restrict the
terms of this License or the ability of the recipient of the Work to exercise
the rights granted to that recipient under the terms of the License. You may
not sublicense the Work. You must keep intact all notices that refer to this
License and to the disclaimer of warranties with every copy of the Work You
Distribute or Publicly Perform. When You Distribute or Publicly Perform the
Work, You may not impose any effective technological measures on the Work that
restrict the ability of a recipient of the Work from You to exercise the
rights granted to that recipient under the terms of the License. This Section
4(a) applies to the Work as incorporated in a Collection, but this does not
